# Source Control

Our branching model consists of two main branches; `master` branch and `develop` branch. The master branch will contain only stable, production-ready releases of the codebase. All development will take place in the develop branch. The purpose of the development branch is to keep the master branch clean. At the end of each sprint, the develop branch will be merged back into the master branch. Having the separate branches, master and develop, will be beneficial for our project as we know exactly where to get the stable code to demo to the client in the sprint demo meeting. 

We are also going to implement feature branching. The feature branches will be branched off from the develop branch. After the development of the feature is completed, the feature branch will be merged back into the develop branch and will also be deleted. The feature branch also includes any bug fixes that may need to be made. The feature branches will be named with the prefix `feature-` or `bug-`, the pivotal tracker id and a short description of the feature that is to be implemented. For example, a valid feature branch name could be `feature-#163591967-disp-ex-instructions` or `bug-#163976293-auth-error-msg`. This will benefit our project as each feature can be directly associated with a user story in pivotal tracker, not only due to the fact that it contains the id of the user story and a human readable description of the feature, but also because it contains information about whether the branch is a bug fix or a feature. Feature branching will allow team members to work on features without affecting any other branches, therefore allowing multiple user stories to be worked on simultaneously. 

We will use a meaningful and concise name for each commit to allow other team members to get a brief idea of what was committed and the reason behind it. For example, instead of the commit message being `Update .gitignore` which provides no information as to what was changed inside the file, we could commit with the message `Ignore bin folder`.